fix(backdrop): make backdrop visible in basic playground (#3200)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/api/backdrop.md

## Basic Usage

> The backdrop will prevent clicking or tapping on the content behind it. The backdrop is transparent by default, so the below demo includes CSS to make it visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backdrop prevents clicking or tapping on the content behind it. It is transparent by default, so the below demo includes CSS to make it visible.
```

This just read funny to me!
